Hey, good morning family! I am so excited to come on today and give you the word that the Lord has for you.
I was praying and just asking, 'Lord, what do you have for your people today?'and He said, 'I want you to tell them this: for the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect toward Him.'My message today is: How big, how bad is your 'want to'?
You know what? If you want to go do things for Jesus and you want to walk in the authority, the power, and the victory of the Lord, you've got to have a strong 'want to'.
You've got to have a great desire to serve Him and a great yielded 'want to'.
There was one time when I was a little boy, I had warts all over my body.
They were covering me from the top of my head, all over my chest, and all over my back.
Every day I got made fun of at school because of those warts; they called me 'Wart Boy'.
Every night I went home and, while getting ready for bed, I told my dad, 'I want you to anoint every single one of those warts with oil, and I'm believing I'm going to be healed.'I was just seven years old.
Every night I would go in, and even sometimes when he would forget and go to bed, I would go in there: 'Daddy, you forgot to anoint my warts with oil because I believe that Jesus Christ was a healer.'He would say, 'Oh son, I'm tired.'I said, 'Dad, but you've got to!
I believe I'm going to be healed. You've got to anoint these warts with oil.'So he anointed them, and this went on for probably close to a year, but my 'want to'was bigger than the pain of having those warts all over my body.
My 'want to'being healed was great. So you've got to have a 'want to'that's stronger than what your circumstances are.
It doesn't matter whatever is going on in your life or how big those circumstances may be.
You may look at it and think it's impossible, but if you have a 'want to'that's strong enough and a desire in your heart, God's going to come through for you. You've got to keep that 'want to'strong.
That 'want to'was inside of me; it kept coming back and saying, 'Daddy, anoint those warts with oil, and Jesus is going to heal me.'Well, one morning I woke up and they were laying all beside me in my bed.
All those warts had fallen off of my body. Glory to God! They all fell off my body and Jesus healed me in the middle of the night.
I woke up the next day and was completely delivered from all those warts.
I ran in while my dad was still asleep in bed, grabbed a hold of his arm and said, 'Dad, look!
Every one of the warts are gone!'They were in piles in my bed.
Jesus Christ healed me from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
I'm here to tell you, if you have a 'want to'in your heart that is strong enough that says, 'I will have what I say, I will have what I believe, and I'm going to confess that Jesus Christ is the healer,'He's a deliverer.
He is not a God who is a respecter of persons, and if He'll do it for me, He'll do it for you.
That's the kind of faith you've got to have—that bulldog faith that says, 'I'm not giving up; I'm going to keep on with my want to.'Blind Bartimaeus was at the gate and he was yelling, 'Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me!'He kept yelling and they kept saying, 'Shut up, beggar!
Shut up, Bartimaeus!'He was yelling while they tried to shut him up, but his 'want to'was stronger because he knew that if he could just have an encounter with Jesus, his eyes would be made whole.
He probably heard about all the people that had been healed before him—the lepers walking down the path—because he was out there all the time begging for money.
He had a great desire and a yielded 'want to'that said, 'I want to be healed by this Jesus.
Son of David, have mercy on me!'He kept crying out because he had an anticipation of knowing that Jesus is a healer.
So he got his miracle, as we all know the Word says, and he got his eyes healed.
It's the same thing with the woman with the issue of blood. She spent all that she had, but yet rather grew worse, the Bible says.
But she knew if she could just press—she probably heard about the miracles too.
She was weak because she had an issue of blood; she kept bleeding, and the doctors couldn't figure out how to fix her. But she had a 'want to'.
She kept going back to the doctor, saying, 'I'm not giving up; I want to be well.'Then she heard about Jesus and His miracles, so she went out there and grabbed a hold of the hem of His garment.
Probably out of exhaustion, she crawled up there, and virtue went out of Jesus.
He touched her and said, 'Daughter, your faith has made you whole.'It was a 'want to'that was so strong she said, 'I want to have my miracle today.'That's the kind of faith you've got to have.
You've got to know that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He's still doing miracles today.
If you want your kids to be born again and serving God, you say, 'I'm going to have children that serve God.
I'm going to have kids that are on fire for God.'Well, you've got to have a 'want to'big enough to put them in church on Sundays and Wednesdays, keep them around the youth group, and keep them around praise and worship.
You've got to teach them the Word in the house. How big, how bad is your 'want to'? How bad do you want to be filled with the Holy Ghost?
There's some of you out there—I've seen the comment section—who say, 'Well, I tried it for a couple of minutes and it didn't work.'How bad is your 'want to'?
There was a woman whose husband was an alcoholic. He was out at the bars one night drinking really bad, and she knew the path he took home through the graveyard every night.
So she dug a six-foot hole right in the path she knew he was going to walk.
But another man came before him and fell down in that hole. He was tearing and clawing and screaming, 'Help me!
Help me!'but eventually he gave up and sat in the corner to wait for morning.
Lo and behold, that drunk husband came down there singing his song, and then, boom, he fell down in that hole.
He sobered up real quick because he realized he was stuck in a six-foot hole in the graveyard. He was clawing and yelling, 'Oh, help me!
Help me!'and all of a sudden in the darkness he heard, 'There's no one going to help you.'Well, he got out of that hole! How bad was his 'want to'?
Whenever the devil's trying to knock you down and tell you that you're never going to amount to anything, you've got to tell him, 'No!
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.'I'm not moved by what I see or feel.
Devil, you may try to knock me down, but I'm going to keep standing up.
It's just like those old clown punching bags; you keep punching them, but they keep rising back up.
You can't give in to the devil's torment. You've got to keep on with a 'want to'that's strong enough. 'I want my house to be paid off!
I want to be debt-free!'You've got to be disciplined in your flesh, save your money, and do what it takes.
You've got to sow the seed at church, and God said He'll bless everything you put your hands to.
You've got to know that God is no respecter of persons. What He'll do for one, He'll do for you.
I believe with all my heart, but it takes a heart of a 'want to'.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect toward Him.
You've got to have that heart that's after God, that says, 'I want to be free from drugs, sin, sickness, and disease.'I want to be free from perversions and I want my marriage to be good.
I want my home to be a house that serves the Lord. How big, how bad is your 'want to'? That's what I have for you today.
I'm telling you, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt, in all my times in my life, I've always had that bulldog faith, and that's why I'm still standing for my little girl—that she's going to be healed.
My want to is stronger than the circumstances of what I see every day.
My 'want to'is great and I'm not giving up; I'm still standing on the Word because I know that He is going to bring forth the miracle.
Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, being fully persuaded that what God had promised, He was able also to perform it.
Even with the deadness of Sarah's womb, even with the deadness of his wife's womb, he staggered not at the promise of God because God promised him a son, Isaac.
He staggered not; his yielded 'want to'was saying, 'God, I'm yielded to you.
I want this so bad; I believe it in my heart that you're going to take care of me.'His 'want to'was bigger than his flesh and the signs of his flesh, and then he said, 'I stagger not at the promise of God.
I'm not going to be moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm moved by what the Word says.'And so faith without works is dead, and they kept on.
Guess what? They got their breakthrough. They got it at 100 years old; the Lord blessed him with a son.
And you know what? God will still do miracles for you today. I just want to encourage you today: don't give up. You've got to have a great yielded 'want to'.
Time and time again, we have encounter after encounter in the Bible of people who had a bulldog, 'I'm not letting go of this bone'type of faith to believe Him for the impossible.
You've got to be able to believe for the impossible and you'll be able to achieve it.
So that's what I have for you all today in this video. I see people are discouraged and they're not excited about life.
There's a lot of people that are down, but I'm here to tell you: it's time to get excited.
It's time to be enthusiastic. It's time to know that all things are possible to him who believes.
There's nothing too big for God. There is a way to move a mountain.
Mark 11:24 says, 'Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.'And if you shall not doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
You don't need a doubt in your heart; that's not a person who has a great big 'want to'.
You've got to have that 'want to', and you've got to speak it and decree it out of your mouth, and that mountain will be removed and be dissolved.
I'm telling you, that's the kind of faith you've got to have.
Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.
Believe that you receive them and you shall have it. You've got to believe it. Begging is not believing.
Remember that I said that the last time: if you're begging God, you're not believing God.
You've got to be in faith because the Bible says that we call those things that be not as though they were.
You've got to call those things that be not, because they may not be that way right now, but you're calling those things that be not as though they were.
It's with the 'want to'. You've got to have a great big 'want to'inside of your heart. How bad is your 'want to'? Let me pray for you.
Father, I just thank you for these people that are on my Facebook and my YouTube and all the Truth Social and all these people that are on these platforms.
I believe right now in the name of Jesus for every need they have, for every desire of their heart.
Father, you said in your word that you give us the desires of our heart.
Father, you said in your word that you healed us by your stripes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you provide seed for the sower.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that our mountains will hear our voice, and we speak to the mountain and we will not give up on what you said we could have.
We will not give in to the devil's lies of him telling us, 'You're never going to do nothing.
You're never going to be able to achieve nothing.'I will have what the Bible says I can have.
I will do what the Bible says I can do. I thank you, Lord, for that. I speak to the healings right now in the name of Jesus.
I speak to cancers and diabetes; you go from their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
I call them healed and whole and well. I call brain tumors to go in the name of Jesus.
I speak to blinded eyes to be opened in the name of Jesus. I call ears to open in the name of Jesus.
I call all learning disabilities to be gone in Jesus'name. I speak to autism to go in the name of Jesus.
If you have a child with autism, or maybe you have autism, I command autism to go from you in the name of Jesus.
I call healing and wholeness and wellness from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
I speak to drug addictions and pornography addictions and all kinds of alcohol addictions and any kind of addictions of perversion of any kind.
I speak to it in the name of Jesus, and I call you delivered from those things in the name of Jesus.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed, and you are free in the name of Jesus indeed.
I call you delivered from those perversions. I call opioid addictions to be delivered in Jesus'name.
I speak life into your body. I speak life into your soul, into your mind, your will, and your emotions.
We thank you, Lord, that we get in the word and we renew our mind in the name of Jesus—our mind, our will, our emotions—and we cast down every high thing and imagination that exalts itself above the word of God.
I cast those imaginations down. We will not yield to what the devil says in his false lies.
We yield to what the word says, for let God be true and every man a liar.
I know what the word says, and the word says, 'For whom the Son has set free is free indeed,'and I thank you, Lord, for that freedom.
We thank you, Lord, that you've delivered us today. We thank you, Lord, that you set us free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
I thank you, Father, that you've given us a brand new sound mind.
Second Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
We receive that balanced mind today in the name of Jesus. We take authority over our minds, God, and we thank you, Lord, that we have the mind of Christ.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that your word says that we don't have to have a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
We receive that balanced mind in the name of Jesus. We receive our hormones lined up with the word of God.
Father, we speak to estrogen, testosterone, cortisol, and serotonin, and we call it healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We give you all the glory and honor and praise, Father. We thank you, Father, for what you've done and what you continue to do.
We have a great big 'want to', Father. We're not giving up on what you said we could have.
I will have what the Bible says I could have, and that's freedom from demonic oppression, that's freedom from any kind of strongholds.
We're free from strongholds. Poverty is a stronghold. You don't have to be poor.
You don't have to make it from paycheck to paycheck. You can have in abundance to the full until it overflows.
You don't have to barely get by. God has the cattle on a thousand hills.
Do you understand? Our God is more than enough. He is an overflow God.
By the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony, He has set us free.
We don't have to be bound by the devil. You can walk in victory and light.
Jesus loves you so much and he wants you free from all demonic strongholds.
You've got to yield to it, though, and you've got to have a 'want to'strong enough to say, 'I'm done with living this life.
I'm done going back to this trash like a dog going after its own vomit.'I'm not going back to my vomit anymore.
Don't do it. Keep yourself free. Stay in the word. Stay in praise. Worship the Lord today. He wants you free.
He wants you to live an abundant life, in abundance to the full, until it overflows.
I hope this message blessed you today. I thank you for being a part of my family and a part of my subscribers.
All the likes, the shares, the love gifts—it means so much to us. It's a big blessing to my family.
I just want to say thank you from the bottom of our hearts to all y'all that have been a blessing to us and continue to be a blessing.
I just say: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we thank you for watching this video today. Bye-bye.